This sermon is brought to you by Buford Road Baptist Church.
The speaker today is Pastor Justin Morfis
I was worried about this week i'm going to tell y'all something um a couple months ago
I got diagnosed with something that the doctors don't even know what it is.
And, uh,
I have been poked and prodded, and y'all that know me know I don't do needles.
Right on.
I don't do needles.
And they have poked and prodded me and I've had CT scans and I've had.
all kind of things. I've seen five different doctors, they all tell me they know exactly what it is.
and so when they run their tests, the tests come back and they go, well, I don't know, this wasn't that.
All I know is that my bronchio tubes have...
Uh, almost closed off.
And if you'll notice, I have this in my back pocket, so I don't die on y'all.
And
But, uh...
Oh.
I guess a couple I guess been two months ago I guess
I was struggling to breathe. I couldn't hardly breathe.
And I woke up.
In the middle of the night, not breathing.
And, uh,
Of course, my lungs were spasming. I was making the God off of this noise you ever heard in your life.
Brandy's you know she's uh freaking out can i say that here yeah she's she's freaking out she's in my face and uh she's like what'd he do and she called the amblin
Ambulance and the.
I'm looking at the clock and you know I'm an Arkansas boy. I was taught to be a man about everything.
You know, nothing bothers me.
That's a story, though.
So I'm looking at the clock and I feel.
I'm getting woozy.
And I know that I'm fixing the pass out.
And it's been about three minutes now.
And...
You don't know I can hold my breath three minutes.
But I feel like I'm about to pass out. I'm looking at her, you know.
A tiller.
You know, I can't talk, but I'm like,
I'm going down.
And then for a moment
I said, well,
This is the it.
I'm gonna die right here in this floor
And because I wouldn't go to the doctor like I was supposed to go to the doctor.
Yeah.
Because I didn't like needles.
I thought that was it.
But you know I didn't have any fear?
Wasn't scared at all of dying. I, I thought about my family. You know what they gonna do without me?
You know, and, uh,
But I've got this stuff and it's amazing how...
When you're there at the age and you think that you're going to go
Of the stuff that runs through your mind.
and uh i didn't have any fear of dying i just said well lord if this is it
Uh, let me go quick.
You know? And, uh...
But,
That was on a Sunday and I had a deacon.
That ah, noticed that I was struggling real bad Sunday morning preaching.
And at 9:30 that night, he brought me
an inhaler
And he said, I don't know if this will work for you. he said, my kids get it. they don't even use it anymore. you know, we got.
I've got to hear, you know, just in case, see if it helps. Of course, I don't take medicine, so I said, yeah, okay, thank you, thank you. And I threw it on the counter, you know,
And in the middle of all this thinking, it's like God said, hey, dummy, you got an inhaler in there.
So before I passed out completely,
Brandy
Who is
You know, she takes care of me.
Um,
Ran in there and got that inhaler.
It took me about five
Perseus.
And I finally said,
And I took a breath.
And,
I took another breath.
And I, but my lungs were just, I mean, it was spasming.
The ambulance got there and I wasn't going to the doctor still, okay?
I thought, well, they'll get there and stick some oxygen on me.
And I'll be fine. I'll go back to the house.
But they didn't give me a chance.
Ah, because because of how I sounded, they threw me in that ambulance and took me straight to the hospital.
And the doctor come in there.
Uh...
Rather way and
They went to doing things and,
They got a respiratory therapist in there and they gave me a breathing treatment.
And merlun settled down
So I've been going through all these treatments. Y'all, and you all know this, I'm struggling a little bit. it's hard for me to breathe.
uh singing the lot and uh it's hard for me to even talk a lot and that's bad that's hard on me
Because I like to talk.
But uh...
But anyway, y'all just keep me in my.
Keep me in your prayers, Lord.
They have no idea what it is. All they know is that my bronchiotids are very, very small, and I have this.
White field
In my lungs.
in both of them so they don't know what it is.
But it's okay.
I know a God that can heal.
Amen. He's still in the healing business. You know, even us Baptists are...
You know the...
He'll heal a Baptist every once in a while, amen.
I hate to use the word Holy Ghost in a Baptist church, some of them a shoot you.
You know?
But do you know he still heals and he's still in control?
And you know what I've learned in my, uh,
Short 40, God, I'm 40.
The short 40 years in my own my life is that
There's always, God always has something for us to learn.
In our trials.
You know,
The book of James says this. I love the book of James. We're doing a study on that now.
But he talks about, he says this, and it caught my eye at first. he said,
Count it all joy,
Can it all draw all these trials?
Kind of joy because they are the testing,
Of your faith.
That word testing is not like me and you would take a test and see if we pass or fail.
What that word testing is, is referred to for a silver smith.
And what that silversmith would do is he would take that silver and he put it in a bowl under the fire.
And he melt that silver down in the impurities.
would come to the top.
And he'll rake them in purities out and he'll throw them to the side and then he'll heat that silver back up again and more impurities come to the surface and he'll take them
Eat them out and throw them. And this was what was amazing.
This is how
The silversmith knows that the silver is pure,
Is when he looks in the bowl.
He sees his reflection,
And that's what James is saying.
He's saying, look, can't all these trials that we go through with joy because of the testing,
Don't get mad at God because you're going through stuff in your life.
As a child of God, count it joy. it's God putting us in the fire because he wants to bring the impurities of your life to the surface.
And what he'll do is he'll gently
Take the main securities out.
He'll throw them to the side and he may eat you up again.
And he'll take them out because his ultimate goal is
It's to look into your life and
And see his reflection.
See, God doesn't care today. Amen.
What a God we serve.
You know, contrary to belief,
I don't want to burst your bubble tonight, but God don't really care about your comfort.
What he does care about is about you living holy.
That's what he cares about tonight.
So when we can go in and we have these trials and these tribulations in our life, and it's hard work walking through this world, amen?
We still have to go through things.
But it's okay.
It's okay because God, I love these words and we say it so much.
And we we just throw it out like it's some cliche
But you know the Bible is true, and God says that He'll never leave you, nor forsake you.
Y'all, boy, that ought to make you shout tonight.
The God that created everything, the heavens and the earth, said, hey, I won't leave you.
I won't leave you. And yeah, we have to go through trials. We have to go through tribulations. But that's all right, because we can hold on to a hold.
you listen to Pastor Justin Morphus
For more information, visit our website at bufordrodebaptistchurch.com.